engine: Fix for console  sidebar (#776)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/rpk/rpk-connect/rpk-connect.adoc

= rpk connect
:description: These commands let you create and manage data pipelines using Redpanda Connect.

> A stream processor for mundane tasks. See xref:redpanda-connect:ROOT:about.adoc[Redpanda Connect].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and manage data pipelines using Redpanda Connect. For full details, see the xref:redpanda-connect:ROOT:about.adoc[Redpanda Connect documentation].
```
